# Links to Google Collaboratory Jupyter Notebooks

In this file I'm going to keep a record of the notebooks I use to build models. The main reason why I use Google Colab is because I can use their TPUs and GPUs ond the cloud for free, which run the models faster than my laptop.

## Links 
- [**Google Drive Folder**](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1XKqvhxXIcCGv3z0H-tllTEEEbPNK5Ckp): this is the Google Drive folder I'm using to store all the notebooks. All the links provided in this file should come from the content of this folder. 
- [**Simple regression model**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1W0f5QCXYNQZpD5k9UWCf5UkEW4gH9Hdc): I use this notebook to experiment with different deep learning regresion models to predict the mass given the dataset. Results so far: it predicts fairly well the mass to unseen data samples (for example, if the real mass is 15 it predicts 14.86), but only for masses in the range used to generate the dataset. For example, if the range of the training dataset is masses from 0 to 50 and I try with a sample of data of 800 it gives guesses a value of ~ 100. This clearly shows that the model is not learning the physical relations but just fiting the data.
- [**Simple autoencoder model**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_dbDGn3zu8NW7zx5rmZkRJUgpywme8O9): I use this notebook to experiment with different autoencoders to reduce the dimensionality of representation. The dataset that I'm using now consist of S samples of 3xN features per instance (the numbers I'm using now are S=50000 and N=10). The 3xN features consist of each of the choices and result of each step in the experiment. In each of the N stepes we have: 1 feature for the chosen velocity of the bullet (a choice between two possible velicities v1 and v2), 1 feature for the chosen mass of the bullet (a choiche between two possible masses m1 and m2), and 1 feature for the final position of the box after the shooting of the bullet.
For the case in which N=10, this makes up to a total of 30 features. Ideally a sample can be encoded in just two independent variables. One parameter would be the strategy of the network can be encoded in a secuence of N bits , which can be stored in an integer of size 2^N. The other independent variable would be the mass of the box for the sample. The rest of parameters are invariant during all episodes and therefore can be absorbed in the weights and structure of the encoder and decoder, i.e the neural network.
